All right.
While still on the subject of the units in the C assess why don't we take a look at the calc function
which is really gonna help us out in a lot of cases.
Now what's happening in the next session you know we're gonna set up two elements.
One of them is going to be Navarre.
So I'm going to say Dave and then for the class and let's give it a class number and ledges right.
This is no.
This obviously is not going to be real nav bar.
We're just gonna set it up as a element.
We are the class of number.
So far so good.
What else we have.
Well let's say there's gonna be another Dave with a glass of Banner and then you know what.
We're not going to type any kind of text in here because we're gonna be adding the background color
anyway.
Okay.
What do we have in the CSF.
Well first of all I'm going to head over back and I'm going to reset the browser styles.
Any default ones because I would like to show you something with view height and I think this is just
gonna make a little bit of sense if I'm going to say margin is gonna be zero.
So now we're resetting the default style.
Okay.
What's next.
Well let's say for the number since this is gonna be the class we know how to selected and we can maybe
add some background first maybe background is gonna be blue and and height would be something like a
hundred pixels.
Well let's say I'm pixels and then we also would like to have a little bit of color.
Color could be white and maybe add on a font size on our three arms.
So this is gonna be our maneuver.
So far so good.
What is happening next.
Well let's say that for Navarre I would like to hear I'm sorry for the banner.
No we already styled it but for the banner I would like to add first of all the background.
So let's write background is gonna be red and then we would need to have some kind of height.
Well we already know we can use min height or is if the content doesn't support whatever we're having
right now then at least a minimal height is gonna be whatever we're typing here.
So the difference would be between the height you're just setting the height with the mean height if
the content is gonna be enough in the actual element then it's obviously going to be bigger.
Meaning if we're gonna be placing a bunch of text here within the banner if it gets bigger then hundred
new height then obviously this is gonna be bigger.
However if the content doesn't provide that much height which is this case of course because we haven't
provided any kind of content then we're just sitting here what would be the value.
So I'm going to say here hundred view right now what's happening.
Well I can see that there's going to be an amber but then I need to scroll down for my hundred views.
And that is an issue because let's imagine the situation where I would want my nav bar as well as my
banner shared a hundred percent here on the screen because right now I'm having a hundred percent plus
these hundred pixels correct.
Well this is where the call function comes to rescue.
And what's really neat about call function we can perform math operations.
So addition subtraction multiplication and division as well as we make and mix and match values.
So how this is gonna look like so instead of using the main height four hundred view height what I can
write oh here I can say OK so this is going to be the function and then all is going to perform the
math operation.
And in this case.
Well first of all I misspelled it but we can write whatever values we would like to be calculated so
we can mix and match them I can say yeah my manhood should be hundred view height.
However I would like to subtract the hundred pixels.
So what I'm saying here is.
Yeah make this hundred percent but get rid of whatever number what value was all here.
So the moment we're going to save it now we have exactly hundred percent and this is for most cases
we're all going and doing a project we're all gonna be setting up the banner and then we're going to
make sure that the actual welcome page is exactly hundred percent or on review height.
And for that we're gonna use the division to get rid of these whatever value would be for no color.
Be careful though if you're just gonna make something if you're gonna say something like this then the
cork is not gonna work.
So what's happening right away it spits you back there or we can do something like this and again this
is not going to work.
So we need to make sure that whenever you're doing the actual calculation that there's space in between.
So these assets can say what is the operator.
So that would be a shorthand to a assess called function.